Add support for gcp ops agent (#6608)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/config.md

  :::
: List of custom mount options for `gcsfuse` (default: `['-o rw', '-implicit-dirs']`).

`google.batch.installOpsAgent`

> : Enable the installation of the Ops Agent on Google Batch instances for enhanced monitoring and logging (default: `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enables Ops Agent installation on Google Batch instances for enhanced monitoring and logging (default: `false`).
```
I think the sentence could be simplified. Please check meaning is retained.
